IGNITE-15853 Add api description of polymorphic configuration to modules/configuration/README.md (#425)
apache/ignite-3: modules/configuration/README.md

All schema classes must end with the `ConfigurationSchema` suffix.

> ### Polymorphic configuration

Reviewer: Actually, when working with this type of configuration I found out that you also need to explicitly pass a list of all polymorphic extensions to the `ConfigurationRegistry`. This is not documented anywhere, as far as I know

Author: Fixed, I guess

This is the ability to create various forms of the same configuration. 

> Let's take an example of a sql column configuration, suppose it can be of the following types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take an example of an SQL column configuration, suppose it can be one of the following types:
```

> * varchar(max) - string with the maximum length;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* varchar(max) - string with a maximum length;
```

> * decimal(p,s) - decimal number with fixed precision(p) and scale(s);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* decimal(p,s) - decimal number with a fixed precision (p) and a scale (s);
```

> * datetime(fsp) - date and time with fractional seconds precision(fsp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* datetime(fsp) - date and time with a fractional seconds precision (fsp).
```

> If you do not use polymorphic configuration, then the scheme will be something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not use polymorphic configuration, then the scheme will look something like this:
```

```java
@Config
public static class ColumnConfigurationSchema { 
    @Value
    public String type;

    @Value
    public String name;
    
    @Value
    public int maxLength;

    @Value
    public int precision;

    @Value
    public int scale;

    @Value
    public int fsp;
}
```

Such a scheme is redundant and can be confusing when using it, since it is not obvious which fields 

> are needed for each type of column, to solve these problems, you can use a polymorphic configuration 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are needed for each type of column. Instead, one can use a polymorphic configuration 
```

  * `rootName` property assigns a _key_ to the root node of the tree that will represent 
    the corresponding configuration schema;
* `@Config` is similar to the `@ConfigurationRoot` but represents an inner configuration node;

> * `@PolymorphicConfig` is similar to the `@Config` and abstract class in java i.e. cannot be instantiated, but they can be subclassed;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `@PolymorphicConfig` is similar to the `@Config` and an abstract class in java, i.e. it cannot be instantiated, but it can be subclassed;
```

> * `@PolymorphicConfigInstance` marks the inheritor of a polymorphic configuration, has the only property `value`, which is a unique identifier;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `@PolymorphicConfigInstance` marks an inheritor of a polymorphic configuration. This annotation has a single property called `value`, which is a unique identifier;
```

> * `@PolymorphicConfigInstance` marks the inheritor of a polymorphic configuration, has the only property `value`, which is a unique identifier;

Reviewer: It will be useful to describe how is this identifier going to be used and how unique it actually need to be (e.g. is it universally unique or only among subclasses of a single schema?)

Author: Fixed, I guess

  has been provided explicitly. This annotation can only be present on fields of the Java primitive or `String` type.
    
  All _leaves_ must be public and corresponding configuration values **must not be null**;

> * `@PolymorphicId` is similar to the `@Value` but is used to storing the type of polymorphic configuration (`@PolymorphicConfigInstance#value`), must be `String` and first in the schema;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `@PolymorphicId` is similar to the `@Value`, but is used to store the type of polymorphic configuration (`@PolymorphicConfigInstance#value`), must be a `String` and placed as the first field in a schema;
```

    int intVal();
}
```

`ParentView#polymorphicChild()` will return a view of a specific type of polymorphic configuration, for example `FirstPolymorphicInstanceView`.

### Changing the configuration

To modify the configuration tree, one should use the `change` method, which executes the update requests 
asynchronously and in a transactional manner. Update requests are represented by a set of `Change` interfaces.
For the example above, the following interfaces would be generated:

```java
public interface ParentChange extends ParentView { 
    ParentChange changeElements(Consumer<NamedListChange<NamedElementChange>> elements);

    ParentChange changeChild(Consumer<ChildChange> child);

    ParentChange changePolymorphicChild(Consumer<PolymorphicChange> polymorphicChild);
}

public interface ChildChange extends ChildView {
    ChildChange changeStr(String str);
}

public interface PolymorphicChange extends FirstPolymorphicView {
    <T extends PolymorphicChange> T convert(Class<T> changeClass);
}

public interface FirstPolymorphicInstanceChange extends FirstPolymorphicInstanceView, PolymorphicChange {
    FirstPolymorphicInstanceChange changeIntVal(int intVal);
}
```

> Example of updating of all child nodes of the parent configuration in a single transaction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of updating all child nodes of the parent configuration in a single transaction:
```

childCfg.changeStr("newStr2").get();
```

> Example of changing the type of polymorphic configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of changing the type of a polymorphic configuration:
```
